Add Node debugging guide (#377)
front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com: source/docs/reference/debugging.md

Any debugger that can attach to Node.js can also be used to debug a Front-Commerce application. You can find more details in the Node.js [Debugging Guide](https://nodejs.org/en/docs/guides/debugging-getting-started/).

## Debugging with VS Code

Create a file named `.vscode/launch.json` at the root of your project with the following content:

```json
{
  "version": "0.2.0",
  "configurations": [
    {
      "name": "FC: debug server-side",
      "type": "node-terminal",
      "request": "launch",
      "command": "npm run start -- --inspect"
    },
    {
      "name": "FC: debug client-side",
      "type": "pwa-chrome",
      "request": "launch",
      "url": "http://localhost:4000"
    },
    {
      "name": "FC: debug full stack",
      "type": "node-terminal",
      "request": "launch",
      "command": "npm run start -- --inspect",
      "console": "integratedTerminal",
      "serverReadyAction": {
        "pattern": "started server on .+, url: (https?://.+)",
        "uriFormat": "%s",
        "action": "debugWithChrome"
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

> If you're [changing the port number](/docs/reference/environment-variables.html#Host) your application starts on, replace the `4000` in `http://localhost:4000` with the port you're using instead, you can use the url defined in your `FRONT_COMMERCE_URL`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're [changing the port number](/docs/reference/environment-variables.html#Host) your application starts on, replace the `4000` in `http://localhost:4000` with the port you're using instead. You can use the url defined in your `FRONT_COMMERCE_URL`.
```

> If you're [changing the port number](/docs/reference/environment-variables.html#Host) your application starts on, replace the `4000` in `http://localhost:4000` with the port you're using instead, you can use the the url defined in your `FRONT_COMMERCE_URL`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you're [changing the port number](/docs/reference/environment-variables.html#Host) your application starts on, replace the `4000` in `http://localhost:4000` with the port you're using instead, you can use the url defined in your `FRONT_COMMERCE_URL`
```

Author: lol, I have no idea why I always do this, `the the` 🤦‍♂️

> Now in VS Code go to the Debug panel (<kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>D</kbd> on Windows/Linux, <kbd>⇧</kbd>+<kbd>⌘</kbd>+<kbd>D</kbd> on macOS), select a launch configuration, then press <kbd>F5</kbd> or select **Debug: Start Debugging** from the Command Palette to start your debugging session.

Reviewer: For advanced settings or understand how it works in detail, I think it makes sense to link to the official documentation here (as it will be where developers will stop when reading the documentation).

```suggestion
Now in VS Code go to the Debug panel (<kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>D</kbd> on Windows/Linux, <kbd>⇧</kbd>+<kbd>⌘</kbd>+<kbd>D</kbd> on macOS), select a launch configuration, then press <kbd>F5</kbd> or select **Debug: Start Debugging** from the Command Palette to start your debugging session. See [Debugging in Visual Studio Code (official documentation)](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/debugging) for more details.
```

> Now in vscode go to the Debug panel (<kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>D</kbd> on Windows/Linux, <kbd>⇧</kbd>+<kbd>⌘</kbd>+<kbd>D</kbd> on macOS), select a launch configuration, then press <kbd>F5</kbd> or select **Debug: Start Debugging** from the Command Palette to start your debugging session.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now in VS Code go to the Debug panel (<kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>D</kbd> on Windows/Linux, <kbd>⇧</kbd>+<kbd>⌘</kbd>+<kbd>D</kbd> on macOS), select a launch configuration, then press <kbd>F5</kbd> or select **Debug: Start Debugging** from the Command Palette to start your debugging session.
```

## Debugging with Chrome DevTools

> Most modern browsers support Client Side Debugging, which allows you to debug your Front-Commerce application in the browser. But if you would like to debug Server-side code in a browser that does not support Node.js debugging, you can refer to the [Inspect Clients](https://nodejs.org/en/docs/guides/debugging-getting-started/#inspector-clients) docs to find a debugging client which suites your environment.

Reviewer: Let's be friendly with Firefox users :joy: :gun: 
```suggestion
Several browsers support Client Side Debugging, which allows you to debug your Front-Commerce application in the browser. If your browser does not support Node.js debugging, you can refer to the [Inspect Clients](https://nodejs.org/en/docs/guides/debugging-getting-started/#inspector-clients) docs to find a server-side code debugging client which suits your environment.
```

> cross-env NODE_ENV=development front-commerce start "--inspect"

Debugger listening on ws://127.0.0.1:9229/d00f8057-d9ce-4aeb-bcf2-805f7b681110
For help, see: https://nodejs.org/en/docs/inspector
   WEBPACK  Compiling client...
   WEBPACK  Compiling server...
```

Once the server starts, open a new tab in Chrome and visit [`chrome://inspect`](chrome://inspect), where you should see your Front-Commerce application inside the **Remote Target** section. Click **inspect** under your application to open a separate DevTools window, then go to the **Sources** tab.

## More information

To learn more about how to use a JavaScript debugger, take a look at the following documentation:

- [Node.js debugging in VS Code: Breakpoints](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/nodejs/nodejs-debugging#_breakpoints) (Server & Client)
- [Chrome DevTools: Debug JavaScript](https://developers.google.com/web/tools/chrome-devtools/javascript) (Server & Client)
- [The Firefox JavaScript Debugger](https://firefox-source-docs.mozilla.org/devtools-user/debugger/index.html) (Client Only)
- [Node.js Inspector Clients](https://nodejs.org/en/docs/guides/debugging-getting-started/#inspector-clients)

> - [Debug with log output](http://localhost:4444/docs/reference/environment-variables.html#Debugging)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Debug with log output](/docs/reference/environment-variables.html#Debugging)
```
